Campus Rush:

1.	The user must be able to move the player model left, right, or forward using the touchscreen.
2.	The game must end when an obstacle comes into contact with the player model.
3.	The game obstacles must speed up as the player progresses.
4.	The player must not be able to move backwards.
5.	You must gain score from moving forward some distance.
6.	The game must respond to player inputs quickly.
7.	The game must be visually clear.
8.	The game must store user progress and scores between instances.
9.	The game must continue on until it is ended upon character death or closing the program.
10.	The game must feature a set of selectable models for the user to choose from. (Optional)

Asteroids:
1.	The game must allow the player to use the touchscreen to launch asteroids.
2.	The game must recognize that a planet has been destroyed when an asteroid makes contact with it.
3.	The game must employ a 2D physics system for the trajectory of the asteroid.
4.	The game must increase in difficulty as the player progresses by adjusting asteroid and planet sizes and speeds.
5.	The game must recognize a level is complete when all planets are destroyed.
6.	The game must store user progress and scores between instances.
7.	The game must feature a variety of levels (5-10?)
8.	The game must provide a number of asteroids for the user to make use of relative to the difficulty of the level.
9.	The asteroid path must be based on the amount the user pulls back the slingshot and where they aim it.
10.	The game should provide a consistent result when launching the asteroid with the same power and trajectory.

Pepper’s Paws
1.	The game must display a static 2D image of the ETSU campus to the user.
2.	The game must include visual markers as clues around the map.
3.	The game must decide a location for Sgt. Pepper hidden from the user at the start of a game instance.
4.	The game must display a completion message when all clues and Sgt. Pepper are found.
5.	The game must provide hints or guidance to help the player to locate the clues.
6.	The clues must be contained within the ETSU campus.
7.	The game must be feature easily understood UI.
8.	The game must work with the touch screen.
9.	The game must restart on completion.
10. The game must not make the user enter dangerous areas.
